# ClientServer
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

  Programs that match these criteria are written by using clear and concise code that utilizes portability and best coding practices. The CRUD python module was a very important piece of the application and by correctly designning this component it was able to be recycled for further use during the application lifecycle. This CRUD module will be able to be used accross most applications in the future using the same layout, and additionally, it makes for a great reference going forward.
  As a Computer Scientist, the problem was approached by first ensuring the data retrieval portions were correct, and to the requirements of the client. Other features, such as the map and ability to filter the data were incorproated afterwards. This project was different than most in my SNHU career as this had more to do with retrieving data and returning it to the user. This course was also much more python heavy, very different than the Java I am used to. In the future, I will definitely realize that mongoDB is a powerful tool and something I should consider in the future to create databses to meet client needs. Computer Scientists take a clients' data needs and turn it into something they can visually use and return to the consumers. To help a company, I would suggest these tools used in this course and use the best coding practices and design abilities to help the company acheive success. 
